[script.commands] 1.1.0 (#1899)
xbmc/repo-scripts: script.commands/README.md

Commands – Kodi Addon
=========================

> Map multiple XBMC commands to one remote button. All availabe commands: https://kodi.wiki/view/List_of_built-in_functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Map multiple Kodi commands to one remote button. All available commands: https://kodi.wiki/view/List_of_built-in_functions
```

> This is a fork of the apparently abandoned addon made by AddonScriptorDE. It has been updated to work with Kodi 19 Matrix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a fork of the abandoned commands XBMC addon made by AddonScriptorDE. It has been updated to work with Kodi 19 Matrix.
```
